GH-130: Add missing 2.4.6 BIC highlights (#131)
AdobeDocs/commerce-php: src/pages/development/backward-incompatible-changes/highlights.md

The following major backward-incompatible changes were introduced in the 2.4.6 Adobe Commerce and Magento Open Source releases:

*  New default value for automatic redirects
*  New system configuration for customer segments
*  New system configuration for limiting products in grid
*  New system configuration for OpenSearch module
*  Symfony dependencies upgraded to latest LTS version
*  Zend_Filter replaced with laminas-filter
*  Zend_HTTP replaced with laminas-http
*  Zend_Json replaced with laminas-json
*  Zend_Validate replaced with laminas-validator

### New default value for automatic redirects

> To improve performance, the default value for `generate_category_product_rewrites` in the [`app/code/Magento/CatalogURLRewrite/etc/config.xml`](https://github.com/magento/magento2/blob/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/CatalogUrlRewrite/etc/config.xml#L12) file was changed from `1` to `0`. This change disables [automatic redirects](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-admin/marketing/seo/url-rewrites/url-redirect-product-automatic.html) by default.

Reviewer: > This change disables automatic redirects

It's for rewrites, not redirects.  But only for rewrites with respect to the "catalog/product".

Though the weird thing is that even without the redirect,  the page still loads on my dev environment.
For example, on my local development environment, I've created subcategory "subcat2" and product "simpleproduct2" inside this category.
I can still access this new product via http://nginx.docker/index.php/subcat2/simpleproduct2.html or http://nginx.docker/subcat2/simpleproduct2.html even though I've disabled the generate_category_product_rewrites and the rewrite for this doesn't exist in `catalog_url_rewrite_product_category` and `url_rewrite`.

Author: Ah, yes. Thanks for correcting me on that. I'll change the link text to "rewrites" and link to the [proper section](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-admin/marketing/seo/url-rewrites/url-redirect-product-automatic.html#skip-rewrite) in docs.

The new default does not change existing records in the `catalog_url_rewrite_product_category` and `url_rewrite` database tables when upgrading to 2.4.6, but no new rewrites are added. However, using the `bin/magento config:set catalog/seo/generate_category_product_rewrites` command to change this configuration setting after upgrading to 2.4.6 permanently deletes all rewrites with no ability to restore them. This may cause unresolved "category/product" type URL conflicts that you must resolve by manually updating URL keys.

> 

Reviewer: We should add suggestion that if the generate_category_product_rewrites functionality is wanted for them,  they should manually set this value, and it will work with same functionality as before.

Here's example of what I think we should add.

> If `Generate "category/product" URL Rewrites` functionality is still wanted, it is recommended to manual set this configuration option to enabled, such as `bin/magento config:set catalog/seo/generate_category_product_rewrites 1`, then behaviour will stay the same after upgrade.

*  Zend_Filter replaced with laminas-filter
*  Zend_HTTP replaced with laminas-http
*  Zend_Json replaced with laminas-json
*  Zend_Validate replaced with laminas-validator

### New default value for automatic redirects

To improve performance, the default value for `generate_category_product_rewrites` in the [`app/code/Magento/CatalogURLRewrite/etc/config.xml`](https://github.com/magento/magento2/blob/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/CatalogUrlRewrite/etc/config.xml#L12) file was changed from `1` to `0`. This change disables [automatic category/product URL rewrites](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-admin/marketing/seo/url-rewrites/url-redirect-product-automatic.html#skip-rewrite), but only if you have not changed the previous default setting prior to upgrading to 2.4.6.

The new default does not change existing records in the `catalog_url_rewrite_product_category` and `url_rewrite` database tables when upgrading to 2.4.6, but no new rewrites are added. You can enable the **Generate "category/product" URL Rewrites** setting if you want to continue using it after upgrading.

<InlineAlert variant="warning" slots="text" />

> Manually changing this setting (for example, using the `bin/magento config:set catalog/seo/generate_category_product_rewrites` command) permanently deletes all rewrites with no ability to restore them. This may cause unresolved category/product type URL conflicts that you must resolve by manually updating URL keys.

Author: I successfully ran the command on my local docker instance:

```
vagrant@ubuntu2204:~/local-dev/docker-magento$ bin/magento config:set catalog/seo/generate_category_product_rewrites 1
Value was saved.
```

*  Zend_HTTP replaced with laminas-http
*  Zend_Validate replaced with laminas-validator

### New default value for automatic redirects

To improve performance, the default value for `generate_category_product_rewrites` in the [`app/code/Magento/CatalogURLRewrite/etc/config.xml`](https://github.com/magento/magento2/blob/2.4-develop/app/code/Magento/CatalogUrlRewrite/etc/config.xml#L12) file was changed from `1` to `0`. This change disables [automatic redirects](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-admin/marketing/seo/url-rewrites/url-redirect-product-automatic.html) by default.

> The new default does not change existing records in the `catalog_url_rewrite_product_category` and `url_rewrite` database tables when upgrading to 2.4.6, but no new rewrites are added. However, manually changing this configuration setting after upgrading to 2.4.6 permanently deletes all rewrites with no ability to restore them. This may cause unresolved "category/product" type URL conflicts that you must resolve by updating URL keys manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new default does not change existing records in the `catalog_url_rewrite_product_category` and `url_rewrite` database tables when upgrading to 2.4.6, but no new rewrites are added. However, using the `bin/magento config:set catalog/seo/generate_category_product_rewrites command to change this configuration setting after upgrading to 2.4.6 permanently deletes all rewrites with no ability to restore them. This may cause unresolved "category/product" type URL conflicts that you must resolve by updating URL keys manually.
```
